Action
JJN
Release date: August 11, 2017
Rating - 4.2
Year - 2017
Cast - Bellamkonda Sreenivas,Rakul Preet Singh,Jagapathi Babu
Story - College sweethearts Gagan and Sweety are forced to part ways because Sweety's father does not approve of their relationship. 
Gagan is then injured when he intervenes to protect a family from being attacked.

Radhe
Release date- 13 May 2021
Rating - 3.5
Cast - Salman Khan,Disha Patani,Randeep Hooda,Jackie Shroff
Story - After taking the dreaded gangster Gani Bhai, ACP Rajveer Shikawat, as known as Radhe, goes on a manhunt 
to find the wealthiest man of the town secretly running a crime syndicate.

Shershaan
release: August 12, 2021
Cast - Sidharth Malhotra; Kiara Advani
Rating - 4.9
Story - The life of Indian army captain Vikram Batra, awarded with the Param Vir Chakra, 
India's highest award for valour for his actions during the 1999 Kargil War.

The dark Knight
Rating - 4.9
Release date: July 18, 2008
Cast - Gary Oldman,Aaron Eckhart,Christian Bale,Heath Ledger
Story - With the help of allies Lt. Jim Gordon (Gary Oldman) and DA Harvey Dent (Aaron Eckhart), 
Batman (Christian Bale) has been able to keep a tight lid on crime in Gotham City. But when a vile young criminal calling 
himself the Joker (Heath Ledger) suddenly throws the town into chaos, the caped Crusader begins to tread a fine line 
between heroism and vigilantism.

vinaya vidheya rama
Release Date - January 11, 2019
cast - Ram Charan; Vivek Oberoi,Kiara Advani,Sneha
Rating - 4
Story - When a man's family is threatened by an evil criminal, he sets out on a mission to bring his family safely back home.

Horror
Deyyam
cast - J. D. Chakravarthy,Maheswari,Jayasudha,Tanikella Bharani,Jeeva
release: June 21, 1996
Rating - 3.6
Story - After a couple buy a new farmhouse near a graveyard in the suburbs of Hyderabad, 
their son starts making imaginary friends that tell him to move out of the house.

Jessie
Cast -  Vimal Krishna, Pavani Gangi, Ashima Narwal, Abhinav Gomatam
release: March 15, 2019
Rating - 4.4
Story - Four professional ghost hunters try to conduct a paranormal investigation in an abandoned house to unveil the mystery 
of two sisters, Jessie and Amy. As they proceed, they notice unusual behavioural changes in the younger sister Amy.

raju gari gadhi
Cast - Ashwin Babu,Dhanya Balakrishna,Chethan Cheenu,Posani Krishna Murali,Dhanraj,Rajiv Kanakala,Vidyullekha Raman,Eshanya Maheshwari
Rating - 3.5
Release date: October 16, 2015
Story - There is a haunted house in Nandigama. Dead bodies of 34 people have resurfaced there for over a period of time.
Six months later, a TV channel plans to host a reality show in that haunted house. It is aptly called “Dhayyam tho 7 Rojulu,
 Pattukunte 3 Kotlu” (Those who spend 7 days in this haunted Nandigama palace and survive will get Rs. 3 crores). 
Seven individuals namely, Ashwin (Ashwin Babu), Nandu (Chethan Cheenu), Barbie (Eshanya), 
Bala Tripura Sundari (Dhanya Balakrishna), Shivudu (Dhanraj), M Y Danam (Shankar) and 
Bujjimma (Vidyullekha Raman) are selected for the show. Program head Pakoddi (Prabhas Sreenu) and 
Chekodi (Raghu Babu) have arranged all kinds of scares for the contestants.

The House NExt Door
Cast - Siddharth ,Andrea Jeremiah,Atul Kulkarniy,Anisha Victor
Rating - 4.4
Release date: November 3, 2017
Story - A neurosurgeon (played by Siddharth) and his wife (played by Andrea Jeremiah), 
a newly-wed couple move into a new neighbourhood and soon realise that the house next door, 
inhabiting a little girl and her mother, is haunted. Although initially reluctant to believe the stories of supernatural elements,
 the doctor, after a close encounter with the possessed resorts to exorcism to help save the neighbours.

The vvitch
Cast - Anya Taylor-Joy,Ralph Ineson,Kate Dickie,Harvey Scrimshaw,Ellie Grainger,Lucas Dawson
Rating - 3.6
Release date: October 18, 2015
Story - In 1630 New England, panic and despair envelops a farmer, his wife and their children when youngest son 
Samuel suddenly vanishes. The family blames Thomasin, the oldest daughter who was watching the boy at the time of his 
disappearance. With suspicion and paranoia mounting, twin siblings Mercy and Jonas suspect Thomasin of witchcraft, 
testing the clan's faith, loyalty and love to one another.

Comedy

bhale bhale magadivoy
Cast - Nani, Lavanya Tripathi, Ajay, Murali Sharma
Rating - 4.7
Release date - September 4, 2015
Story - Lucky suffers from short-term memory loss. It is love at first sight for Lucky when he sees Nandana. 
Trouble starts when Lucky has to convince Nandana's parents of his eligibility for marriage.

F2
Cast - Venkatesh, Varun Tej, Tamannaah, Mehreen Pirzada
Rating - 3.9
Release date: January 12, 2019
Story - Venky and Varun tell a policeman about their marital troubles; as they tell their own story, 
they both realise the mistakes of the past and decide to win back their wives.

jathi ratnalu
Cast -  Naveen Polishetty, Priyadarshi, Rahul Ramakrishna, Faria Abdullah
Rating - 4.7
Release date: March 11, 2021
Story - After being released from prison, three men start to plan their lives on the outside, searching for love and happiness.

nuvvostanante nenoddantana
Cast - Srihari,Siddharth,Trisha
Release date: January 14, 2005
Rating - 5.0
Story - Siri is a traditional, simple, rural girl from Andhra Pradesh who is brought up by her only older brother Sivaramakrishna. 
Twenty years prior, their rich father from a nearby town married another woman and kicked the rest of Siri's family, 
humiliating them on the way. Their mother dies leaving toddler Siri in the care of 13-year-old Sivaramakrishna. 

we're the millers
Cast -  Jennifer Aniston, Jason Sudeikis, Emma Roberts, Nick Offerman, Kathryn Hahn, Ed Helms
Rating - 4.6
Release date: August 7, 2013
Story - Small-time pot dealer David (Jason Sudeikis) learns the hard way that no good deed goes unpunished; 
trying to help some teens, he is jumped by thugs and loses his cash and stash. Now, David's in big debt to his supplier 
and -- to wipe the slate clean -- he must go to Mexico to pick up the guy's latest shipment. To accomplish his mission, 
Dave devises a foolproof plan: He packs a fake family into a huge RV and heads south of the border for a wild weekend 
that is sure to end with a bang.

